Local access: 
After local deployment, access through nginx http://localhost:80 Can be accessed normally 
Cloud access address: 
http://aiops.cloudet.cn 
Register first, then log in 
Currently supports automatic deployment of AWS China, AWS Global, and Volcano Cloud 
1. Add AKSK to API-KEY 
2. Add your own deployed projects 
3. Refresh the page and select the project and cloud to be deployed on the far right 
4. During the chat, ask Hi to tell you about the current project and cloud (/Chat can automatically complete the IAM POLICY strategy in @ deployment) 
5. Chat freely and ask questions, you can deploy and ask questions at the same time 
6. @ Search Enter, one click query account cloud resources 
7. @ Deploy Enter, follow the prompts to deploy certain cloud components (currently only supported on AWS) 
8. Click on the template and add your own deployment template (including architecture diagram and main.tf terrace format script) 
9. @ Template Deployment Enter, select the template, confirm the script, click Deploy Complete Template Deployment 
10. @ ai "One paragraph" One paragraph is about what you want to deploy and which resources you want to deploy. Try to describe it in natural language as detailed as possible. AI will automatically provide you with a composition and configuration file. After you confirm, start deploying and it can automatically fix and correct errors up to 20 times. 
11. Click on the+sign on the left to upload the manuscript or the architecture diagram you want to deploy with AI. After the prompt shows that the upload is successful, @ ai will directly press enter to generate the architecture diagram and configuration file from your manuscript or image. Click confirm and deploy 
12. Because the architecture diagram generated by @ ai has randomness, if the generated diagram does not produce an error message 1-2 times, continuing with @ ai's' 1 paragraph '3-5 times will definitely produce the diagram. Even if there is no diagram, the code is correct, and the deployment can be successful 
13. Click on a historical deployment query on the left, and the topology map, TERRAFORM script, and deployment log can be displayed on the right. You can click to enlarge and download the topology map, configuration files, and log files to view locally. The architecture diagram generated by AI can also be viewed and downloaded by clicking on it 
Key tests: 
What are the issues with deploying multiple people together? 
2. What other bugs have been tested? 
3. Do you have any further requirements after using it? 
Recruit more developers